Update list of known issues (#97)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/known_issues.rst

  .. code-block:: C

    ZB_TRANSCEIVER_SET_RX_ON_OFF(zb_get_rx_on_when_idle());

.. rst-class:: v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

NCSIDB-1336: Zigbee Router device cannot rejoin after missing Network Key update or rotation

>   If a Zigbee Router device does not receive Network Key update or rotation messages (for example because it is resetting or powered off), it might not realign with the trust center and can keep using old keys for communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a Zigbee Router device does not receive Network Key update or rotation messages (for example, while resetting or powered off), it may fall out of sync with the Trust Center and continue using old keys.
```

>   The Zigbee Core Specification, section 4.3.6.1, states that a device operating on a network that has missed a network key update *may* use procedures to receive the latest network key; that optional wording means the stack is not required to recover automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Section 4.3.6.1 of the Zigbee Core Specification states that a device which has missed a network key update may use procedures to obtain the latest key. 
  That optional wording means the stack is not required to recover automatically.
```

  In addition, BDB 3.0 does not describe a procedure a Zigbee Router can use to verify that its security keys are still valid.

  **Workaround:** Extend the Router application to handle :c:macro:`ZB_NLME_STATUS_INDICATION` when the status is ``ZB_NWK_COMMAND_STATUS_BAD_KEY_SEQUENCE_NUMBER``.
  Do not initiate a rejoin immediately after the first such status, because that could help an attacker force a rejoin without knowing the network key.

>   After several indications (for example, five), check whether the device is still connected to the network, for example using :c:func:`zb_zdo_simple_desc_req`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After several indications (for example, five), check whether the device is still connected to the network.
  Do this by using the :c:func:`zb_zdo_simple_desc_req` function.
```

  .. code-block:: C
     :caption: Excerpt inside ``zboss_signal_handler()``

     case ZB_NLME_STATUS_INDICATION: {
       zb_zdo_signal_nlme_status_indication_params_t *nlme_status_ind =
         ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_GET_PARAMS(sig_hdr, zb_zdo_signal_nlme_status_indication_params_t);

       if (nlme_status_ind->nlme_status.status ==
           ZB_NWK_COMMAND_STATUS_BAD_KEY_SEQUENCE_NUMBER) {
         /* Count indications; after a threshold, verify connectivity, then
          * zb_bdb_initiate_tc_rejoin if needed. */
       }
       break;
     }

.. rst-class:: v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

KRKNWK-12115: Simultaneous commissioning of many devices can cause the Coordinator device to assert
  The Zigbee Coordinator can assert when multiple devices are being commissioned at the same time.
  In some cases, the device can end up in a low memory state.

  The :ref:`Zigbee network coordinator <zigbee_network_coordinator_sample>` sample includes :file:`zb_mem_config_max.h` by default, which already selects the coordinator-oriented configurable-memory profile, but the derived scheduler queue and buffer pool sizes can still be too small for very bursty join traffic.

>   **Workaround:** Reduce parallel commissioning where possible, and increase the coordinator's scheduler queue and buffer pool if you still hit asserts or allocation failures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Where possible, reduce parallel commissioning. 
  If you still hit asserts or allocation failures, increase the coordinator's scheduler queue and buffer pool:
```

  #. Add a custom memory configuration header to your coordinator application (for layout, follow the :ref:`Light switch <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` sample and its :file:`samples/light_switch/include/zb_mem_config_custom.h` file).
  #. Populate that header starting from the contents of :file:`zb_mem_config_max.h`, then override the limits as needed (see :file:`zb_mem_config_common.h` for how the base profile maps to numeric sizes).

>   #. In the custom header, after the block that includes ``zb_mem_config_common.h``, add overrides such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #. In the custom header, after the block that includes :file:`zb_mem_config_common.h`, add overrides such as:
```

     .. code-block:: c

        /* Increase scheduler queue depth (allowed range 48U–256U). */
        #undef ZB_CONFIG_SCHEDULER_Q_SIZE
        #define ZB_CONFIG_SCHEDULER_Q_SIZE 96U
        /* Increase IOBUF pool (allowed range 48U–127U). */
        #undef ZB_CONFIG_IOBUF_POOL_SIZE
        #define ZB_CONFIG_IOBUF_POOL_SIZE 64U

>   #. Include ``zb_mem_config_context.h`` at the end of the custom header, mirroring :file:`zb_mem_config_max.h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  #. Include :file:`zb_mem_config_context.h` at the end of the custom header, mirroring :file:`zb_mem_config_max.h`.
```

  #. In the coordinator :file:`main.c`, replace ``#include <zb_mem_config_max.h>`` with ``#include "zb_mem_config_custom.h"`` (or your header name).

>   Rebuild and re-check static RAM usage (see :ref:`zigbee_memory`); higher pools increase footprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Rebuild and re-check static RAM usage (see :ref:`zigbee_memory`). 
  Higher pools increase footprint.
```

.. rst-class:: v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

KRKNWK-7723: OTA upgrade process restarting after client reset

>   If the device resets while the **ZCL OTA Upgrade Client** is downloading an image, the transfer **typically starts again from the beginning** rather than continuing at the previous offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the device resets while the ZCL OTA Upgrade Client is downloading an image, the transfer typically starts again from the beginning instead of continuing at the previous offset.
```

>   Download progress depends on **volatile** stack client state as well as OTA attributes; that state is not preserved across a chip reset in the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Download progress depends on volatile stack client state as well as OTA attributes. 
  That state is not preserved across a chip reset in the default configuration.
```
